Now that we've built our very first app using Flutter, it's already time for a challenge.
Now it's really important that we challenge ourselves through this entire process, because it's only
through struggle do we actually learn. Now the way that we structure our tutorials
is kind of like, a slope.
So imagine you're hiking up a hill.
It's kind of the same thing, right?
The second app will be a little bit harder than the first one,
and the third one will be a little bit harder than the second one.
Now the curriculum for the course is designed so that the apps build on each other. Then the knowledge
that you learn gets tested and reused and repeated, as you go on throughout the course but also as you
pick up new skills and new techniques.
Now it's really important that you've made sure that you actually understand what is the main point
that we're trying to get across in each of these modules.
And in order to do this, in the course you'll find a number of challenges.
And in this first challenge, I want you to solidify what you've learned in the last module. The 'I Am Rich'
module, where we built an app from scratch, and we added an app bar, we customized it
we added an image using an asset, and we gave it an app icon.
Now this is just a guide.
But for example, you could make an 'I Am Poor' app.
You've been rich.
Now it's time to make an app that sort of achieves the opposite of the 'I Am Rich' app and show people
that actually, 'please don't rob me.
I'm actually really poor.'
All I have is coal.
So this is completely up to you.
You can make an app on anything you want.
And it's really important that you customize it. You make it your own.
Find an image that you like, change the color scheme to something that you prefer.
Give it a different title, give it a different app icon. And in the coming lessons, there's going to be
steps that will guide you through the things that we want you to achieve and incorporate, in this challenge
app.
But the emphasis here, is really about making it your own.
So if you want to find beautiful images or assets or icons to incorporate into your app, I want to show
you some of my favorite resources.
One is called icons8, and they basically allow you to have free-for-commercial-use images, such as these
beautiful illustrations that were done by really really talented artists that you can incorporate into
any of your apps for free, as long as you link back to the icons
8 website.
Now, there's also another one called vecteezy which has a larger list of icons that you can simply
search for.
For example if you searched for 'coal', then you'll come up with some images that are related to coal, or
mining. But you can also just create your own.
If you're a designer, if you know how to use Sketch or Photoshop or Illustrator, then you can just draw
up your own icons and incorporate it into your app.
Alternatively, if you don't really know how to work with those large pieces of design software, you can
use one of my favorite tools which is Canva.
And you can sign up completely for free, and you can simply start creating a design.
So let's create a design with custom dimensions, let's say maybe 1000 x 1000 pixel.
And here we can just start designing.
You can see that they have a whole bunch of pre-made designs that are kind of meant to be there to inspire
you. But you can also just drag on your own shapes like, let's put in a circle on the screen and you can
change its colors, or maybe add another sort of item on top of the circle. And there, we have sort of a
cool app icon. But just mess around with it. Add pieces of text, or add different backgrounds or
add different elements, and really it's your playground.
So, either find something that you like, or design something that is perfect for you.
It doesn't really matter what the end outcome looks like, as long as you've gained the skills and you've
managed to create your very own app from scratch. Then consider yourself successful.
So once you're ready, head over to the next lesson and we'll guide you through step by step, all the challenges
that we want you to achieve.
So good luck, and I'll see you on the other side.